none of that matters when it comes to
vision the only thing that matters with
vision is what you see for yourself you
don't ask you don't get
it's not over it's not swimming all day
long some of them think because it ain't
angels over because over because they've
been at this job for so many years they
don't have any new skills it's over it's
never over until you are no longer here
we define what failure is nobody to tell
you that you're not a success nobody
could tell you that should a failure you
can find that does that make sense to
lose my voice and then you just send up
get still kind of sometimes you just got
to be really bold give yourself
permission to be low for what you want
to do whatever you need to give yourself
permission yes you don't give yourself
permission you cannot just accept
everything and anything is that fair
I'm telling you I'm telling you some
good stuff now I would not be sitting
here with a successful business loving
when I do every single morning and the
nice family if I did not give myself
Commission reason I go ahead and deserve
certain things I could believe it for
everybody else but I could not believe
it for myself I can help everybody else
achieve their goal but I couldn't help
myself
does that make you sound like somebody
here
so how many of us a visit just
comfortable where we are oh this is just
okay and then even sometimes I'm not
gonna go try how you know I'm afraid of
success no time get a little turtle
that's the only time you supposed to
become a strong tree get a little dirt
your beautiful roles you get a little
dirt I'm not saying that you have to do
something but it's something if
something happens and maybe not so
drastic but something happened you
didn't get the job
bad relationship abuse many of us in
here it really knew half of each other
stories
I bet she's not guarantee we would treat
each other will be different how many of
us that self-sabotage our own process
and had 20 conversations before we even
got to the person and they not even
thinking what we're thinking right
before you can even get to it even get
to the water right
witness your passion initial goal your
passion and your purpose keeps you up
you can't even help it right there's a
big sense can't beat the process
sometimes you can't look for the fast
way there's no such thing as an
overnight success it takes time and it
takes more time it's a piece that used
to even get here putting it on my vision
it took me years of cultivating
relationships to show you listen I'm
hungry for this give it to me I'm ready
I'm ready
and so there was things in my own life
that needed to be cultivated things that
I have to go for it I didn't even
understand but I made a bad decision and
I enjoyed every bit of the moment until
I got on my door so you know I share
even in the story 19 years old boy it's
a prison spending my time to prison
right outside I mean I'm gonna freshman
in college I'm going to hire only
college my mother is in the cheapy was I
was brought up in New York City housing
it's not a sad story it's a great story
cuz we be there right
so not shaky right right I was
determined right I was courageous right
and and I really didn't care and I was
just so hung up on doing the things that
I desire to do and seeing some sort of
success that I want to speed up my own
success process one story short after
that not going to do my whole life
change and I thought it turned for the
worse so here my mother's thinking that
she's about to have a lawyer one nurse
in the next three four years when her
daughter is about to get a nice colorful
background from the federal government
and be shipped over to Chicago because
she doesn't even know that she's a part
of a Nigerian cartel that we were doing
we knew each other story so this is a
backtrack you know just going through
that whole experience I started to find
a way to take my vision because what I
was seeing is was it what was my future
how many of us have visible a situation
where what we see in just doesn't make
no sense me like why what right now
that's what it's called for you to get
your vision together because even if you
don't like the job that you're in your
vision of people striving towards and
keep pushing towards that next thing my
vision kept my mind right I'm there in
segregation and I'm hearing grown men
cry I'm smelling the speck of here it
goes horribly the worst experience so my
vision I tell you knowing that my
greater was coming knowing that I could
become somebody knowing that this was
not it for me
and I can still do the things that I
desired I refused to be a statistic
that's the reason why I kept online why
everybody else around me was moving it
so our charges ego-mind right to it and
to get greater vision but me to see the
things that I put on my vision board
comes to fruition now that girl from the
project's from prison in essence
magazine writing for Black Enterprise
have it sold out conferences in the New
York
but none of that matters when it comes
to vision only thing that matters with
vision is what you see for yourself
you